maybe have a summary slide of all the survey (e.g. 6 pie charts), should definitely replot
two slides, split between types (at the very least condensing)
what does 1 mean, what does 5 mean?

maybe move slide 2 (Christmas) to later

"If I was really cool, this presentation would be in LaTeX and not in PowerPoint". It's something that I'm aware of, but haven't practiced yet.

slide 16 (latex pros) might be good to move "Your Presentation" elsewhere, make it disappear, etc. Maybe just take it out

Take out multi-lingual

The git version control tutorial section needs some motivation, for example the story of the code output changing from one month to the next and being able to go back to specific snapshots.

Maybe more of the why and less of the how to.

"Imagine this README is my code. The code is now working, so I'm ready to push it." Draw connections to CTRL+S, merging changes in e.g. Word

Maybe include the "final-final-final" meme about version control.

"This is your keyboard." These are all the manual inputs from the researcher. Maybe put "you" in parantheses next to the keyboard. (your input). Only needed on the very first one.

Maybe go back to the traditional workflow slide (why), duplicate the slide and remind viewers so you can start talking about how it will look different

Overleaf vs. Microsoft Word. Baby steps

This is my example that I came up with. Instruction on what to do rather than what I've come up with. (not generally accepted knowledge). 

ShareLaTeX - being able to write out a single line of normal looking code.

What makes an article "gold". Specific examples. Maybe a few examples. Give some criteria. Maybe pose as a question to people. How to find "gold" articles.
Top out of 1000 articles, solves a fundamental problem for your research, highly relevant, etc. Quality of research. (did they already do what you're planning to do?) relevance/impact/competition. It's up to each researcher to learn what makes a gold article and get help from advisors/peers/etc. on what that looks like.

Make it clear when you're doing something in overleaf.

Foxit Reader

Wow slides:
LaTeX simple example
LaTeX table overleaf slide


glossaries-extra, aha slide, not sure if i need to make the paragraph shorter

slide 3 response summary, maybe don't have them all pop up at once (i.e. don't emphasize inadequacy)

refresh sign on everything slide 10, maybe just on the very last one

Too many videos, no more

Maybe move some of the "how-to" into GitHub only and say, "check out the GitHub", e.g. slides 65-69, git slides